{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17740\viewh12840\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
DESCRIPTION\
\
The file contains classes for both ESP32 and ESP8266. \
One class is available rather than the other based on the DEVICE the project is set for: either ESP32 or ESP8266.\
Each case has its own dependancy-\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
DEPENDANCIES\
\
	General\
		- WiFiUdp\
\
	ESP32\
		- WiFi \
			NB \'93WIFI\'94 needs to be v1. This happens when downgrading ESP32 version in VSCode. See \'93REQUIREMENTS\'94 down below. \
\
	ESP8266\
		- Esp8266WiFi\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
REQUIREMENTS\
\
	ESP32\
		To use it in VSCode, it is necessary to downgrade the platform so that WIFI.h reverts from V2 to V1. \
		To do this, go to PLATFORMIO.INI and change the PLATFORM entry to: \
		\
			- 
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 platform\cf4 \strokec4  = espressif32@1.2.0
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
		\
		NB it is not an issue of the ESPUDP library, but of VSCode and ESP32 with the library  WiFi.h, which is a dependancy of ESPUDP.\
\
		NB this workaround will not work in combination with WIRE, so you can\'92t use this e.g. with the accelerometer. \
		So to have an ESP32 with accelerometer and Wifi, you need to DEPLOY IT FROM ARUINO IDE.\
		What I ended up doing in that case is to develop in VScode and then deploy from Arduino IDE. \
		This is a pain: you need to have two copies of the code, one is the VSCode project and the other the .ino file. THEN, you need also the libraries, \
		like ESPUDP, both in the \'93libs\'94 folder of the VScode project (to test compilation from VSCode) AND in the LIBRARIES folder of the ARUDINO \
		directory on your machine. Keeping the two libs in synch in all these locations is a pain\'85\
		But that\'92s life I guess?\
\
}